Hello. Look at this green suit. That's fantastic. What's your name, sir? James in the green
suit. I love it. Did you win the Augusta National? What happened? Super villain suit. All right.
Hello, when and all. I'm your comptroller, Jeff Davis. Harmontown is now in session.
It's good to be back. It feels like it's been a long, long time. Let's bring out our
Game Master because I love him and adore him. Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden. What up, Spencer?
Oh, yeah. How you feeling, man? I'm feeling couched. I got to couch. Yeah. You've upgraded
from chair to couch. Oh, yeah. All right. For my hip, I'm 62. Is your hip hurting you? Oh, yeah. I'm dying.
All right, we all, yeah. Speaking of dying, let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yeah, rapid, rapid to the beat. Rapid, rapid, rapid, can't repeat. Dan, you sound like you might be a little
under the weather. Yeah, I get sick like once every two years. I guess this is it. Stayed up a couple
too, too many days and just caught something, I guess. Don't use this microphone. I might be playing
it up a little bit. You know, you can do that. You sound like a Hall's mental elliptist commercial
from the 90s. Death that could penetrate this derpy those. If you're 100% healthy, you can't fake
like sounding sick. But if you're like 5% sick, you can crank it up to like 70% easy. You just have to like,
it's actually a matter of just not doing anything. You just like, just don't, you just don't, you just do
well so that you sound real sick. Is it the kind of sickness that you can enjoy? You have like tomato soup
and grilled cheese sandwich and some hot cocoa and you watch TV or is it a bummer? It's kind of, look,
I'm not in any physical pain. It's the kind of sick that's a manifestation of the psychological
misery I'm in. It's self-imposed. My therapist and I are making some real breakthroughs, but
unfortunately, it's like realizations of how fucked up I am. And, you know, like, she's really getting
through to me. What is the, what's the headlines of your... Just like how I'm like a creature of denial,
like how, like, you know, just kind of like stuff that, I don't know, it doesn't sound as profound
when you repeat it, but like, you know, I've been not finishing the script for like weeks. So every
week I go in there, and she's like the one person I don't have to lie to, that's not going to behoove
me to lie to. So I was like, I could just go in and go, nope, nope, I didn't turn it in again. And
instead of being like, oh, I'm almost done or whatever. And, you know, so it's been kind of a case
study in like, you know, just the process and how it gets hung up and blocked and fucked up and
like what's going on in my head, like how I managed to make like my process difficult. But this has
got to be the last time I ever do this. I'm not doing it no more. I'm not writing anything by myself
anymore. Because I can't do it. There's something wrong with me. Like that's what, that's what we
figured out. And the thing is she's like, she's like, yeah, there's something wrong with you. She's
like, I think you got to admit that there's something uncontrollable, you know, like that's what
you have to do in situations like this, like you got to treat it like an addiction, like you're
basically addicted to fucking up your deadlines, like you, you are like, like you, you will have a
thought in your head. This is what I thought was interesting, because I think you can apply this
to anything. And I'm sure it's like a talk to it's like, but it's like the idea that you can
whatever you're up against, you know, there are some things that you can't control some thoughts
you can't control. Like, and so procrastination or things like there's some some some things where
like the reason why you keep doing the same fucked up shit over and over again is because the
thought is in your head already, it's not you don't get a choice, you know, you're not there at
the point where you're making the choice to think, you know, haven't you ever like, everybody's got
something, whether you're a smoker or drinker, or, you know, I think it's more profound when it's
not something like that, but it helps to use that stuff as metaphorically when you realize like,
oh, look at your procrastination as like a, as like a cigarette, because what are you getting out
of it? I don't know. I was like, I've been puzzling through it for weeks gone like, what is it? What
am I addicted to the shame? Am I like afraid to be happy? And all that stuff sounds so corn ball.
And then it was finally like, she's like, she's like, look, it doesn't matter. Like, it's like,
the answer, it doesn't matter if you get if you figure that shit out or not, you're kind of addicted
to trying to figure shit out first of all, like, that's part of the process is that you you, but
I think what you have to accept is that there's like a wall of ice in your brain that like,
is there before you choose it? I'm sorry, I'm repeating myself, but that like, that's the
profound thing is that is that it's already there. And the only way to do anything about it is you
got to accept that, okay, I'm going to be thinking this fucked up thought before way before I ever
even it's there, it's like a time traveler, it's just there before it's pre fucked up whatever
your relationship that if you've always fucked up your relationships, you know, over whatever
way you're self destructive, it's like, like think of these things that always do you always
seem to do stop waiting for you to like, figure out how to do it differently with an epiphany
or something and just accept that, you know, first things first, like, I always do this,
I'm always thinking this before I even decide I'm thinking it and and I like, I'll even deny that
I'm thinking of it or I'll think of something else, because until you admit that and then you
know, that language is familiar until you accept that you've got this problem, like you can't do
the thing that you need to do, which is take contrary action, which is just the equivalent of
like a fucking sit up, but you kind of have like two addictions, then don't you because like you
got no addictions. If you're a dick, if you have a procrastination addiction, you also have an
addiction to creating stuff, like that's a huge part of who you are. Well, I'd like to call that
bluff as soon as possible. I mean, I like making stuff. I like making stuff I don't have to make,
though. Like, I don't know. Yeah, wouldn't we all would all like to have created a thing that we
didn't have to work hard on? Like I would like to have a book. I'm never going to sit down and
write one because I'm a lazy, terrified, bad writer. Oh, man, Jeff, you got to get a ghost
writer. I'd read your book. It'd be all your cool stories. What if I actually got a real ghost?
Oh, that'd be great. I know a guy. The exorcist. I'll go straight. Your book is a ghost right
now. Oh, chapter one. Oh, room full of dicks. I can't wait to suck them. That's problematic.
Oh, ghost writer. I got you. It's me, Dan. I died. Just to do this bit. Don't go on the West Wing.
It stinks. I ate myself to death. My body doesn't stink. It's the food. I don't know. What are you
trying to add onto that for? You're selling past the close. How many current dead lions do you
have? I got them down to like, I'm going to count them. I got one. It's this thing that I've been
coveching about for the last couple of weeks. It was truly due today. All these projects,
they'll always be like a guy who's like, it's just fucking, it's the saddest thing. This is a
look back on my life. I go like, oh, these poor people that I get permission from. I go like,
oh man, can I have one more day? And like, yeah, man, it's all good. I'm like, oh, you're such a
good guy. I'm like, I was just trying to go back through my life and go like, how many of them get
rewarded for this? Patience? Like, should they just come over to my house and punch me?
Weren't you better when you had like a Stuart Krenfeld that would just yell at you and say,
where is it? Where is it? I don't know if he got more or less for his, where is it? Where is it?
I don't know. Jack Rappke was like, was like, you know, the thing that I remember, I mean,
it was just, but I still didn't like, I still just shit out Monster House at the end of it and
like gave it to him because, but it was like, but I remember him going like, like the, I don't know,
like the third time he had to call me and Stuart or Jack Rappke at Image Movers. And I was writing
Monster House. This is 20 years ago, but it still sticks out in my head that he was, because he
was just like old school Hollywood and like, fuck was every other word is just like really,
like interesting guy. Like, like, I mean that, like, it was just like, like, it was just like,
everything was fucking this and fucking that and hey, listen, I got it. And then he got like,
I just remember him going like, like, I told him like a third time, like, yeah, I'm not quite done
yet. I'm still working at something. I just got it, whatever. And there's just this long silence
and he goes like, all right, well, I'll tell you what fucking Dan. At this point, not going to
bother calling you anymore because there's no fucking credibility here. Something like that's
all I remember. I was like, damn, no credibility. Shit, I can go get a sandwich now.
Wait, that didn't light a fire under your ass? No, it just made me feel real bad.
But you still finished it? Not really. Did you see that fucking thing? What is it?
Like, it's like, it's like the first 20 pages is great. And then it's like,
it's probably not even great anymore. Because it's like, oh, wow, you want to have sex with
that girl scout? That's that that aged well. Two kids ordering or arguing over who gets to
Is deadless one of these things that you're working on? No. I mean, that's a that I wouldn't
call that a deadline necessarily. That's like an active project that I'm very excited about.
I'm not like, there's nobody that's like, you're fucking me over. So wait, okay, so I'm counting
the one thing. And then I do think like, I just got a bunch of shit off like one, two, three things
off my plate. And yeah, I think that's it. I think I think that's truly it. And you only have
50,000 more episodes of Rick and Morty to write, which is great. No, Rick and Morty is like, I
don't want to say it's easy, but it's like it's it's it's a healthy process now, you know, like
it's it's like Rick and Morty's like, you know, we're it's it's it's fine. Like, that's the job
that I want. That's the job that I signed the deal to do. And as soon as I got that contract,
I was like, okay, let's start wrapping up all these other dalliances. And there was just like
50 of them. Because because like, what are you supposed to do? You know, you know, you know,
there's no I mean, look, I'm one of the luckiest writers in Los Angeles in the in the TV industry
got to be one of the 1% luckiest in in in a in a field that if you're represented in paying
your rent writing that those those people represent like to top whatever percent of the
population of the planet in terms of luxury, in terms of like, you know, the amount of work you
have to do for the amount of money you get, and then I'm up in the upper echelon of those people
because I make like, I'll get a check from community sometimes and I'll get a check from from this or
that. And it's still like until I got that Rick and Morty deal, I was like, well, yeah, but how
am I going to retire? And then you get it's like, I guess that segues into this WGA thing, like,
I guess I got it. I got it. Everybody firing their agent. Okay, good. All right. Yeah, yeah, I put
on the road and and not totally hip to that. Like what what is the deal with the WGA deal? Packaging
Jeff. It's all about packaging. You know about packaging. I'm packaging right now right. We're
all packaging. I really can't speak with authority. I can't even go ahead. Go ahead. No, I don't know
packaging is when the agents basically cut themselves further into the pie for making deals
with multiple talents and parties. So they they tell they say, Hey, literary agent, like, we'll
get this writer and Hey, TV agent and Hey TV actor will get you and also we'll get 10% more of
everyone's money, you know, of everyone's deals for packaging. So they get 10% on top of the money
they already get from the individual parties. And I'm probably way off. But that's a big part of it
because it's just them, you know, cutting, cutting a huge chunk more of the money than
they're already being paid to get. And so yeah, the WGA is this guy chunks of money
or carving anti carving. Who does that affect the worst? The WGA, the writers,
because they no longer have the same connections and you know, there's probably obviously this is
a union of very smart people that like to type a lot. So there's a lot of invective, a lot of
like Patrick Henry, give me my quill or give me my sword kind of stuff online that'll make you I
mean, I, I really, I don't know how you once it's 9795% you know, turning out in a vote, which it's
like, I'm just going to defer to my better crafts people who've thought about this more. And I did
talk to a couple of colleagues and said like, look, can you explain this to me? And like, because
if all this is is that we that that times are hard all over that Rome is burning. And so everyone's
just starting to grab each other and shake each other down, you know, and the package is just a
cluster of money that we're like, okay, now let's worry about that now that it's not the
cocaine 80s anymore. And like, there's not money just like everywhere. But and then someone was
like, no, no, no, it's not it's it's it's lack of transparency and stuff like that. And they kind
of walked me through it. And I took my you know, my agents took me out to dinner. And there's such
a sweet, sweet table of little cherubs. They're human beings. They didn't they didn't choose
this stuff. They don't run their their agency or the industry for the last 30 years. And they're
they're a little broken hearted that writers are such. We're so dramatic when we really set our
mind to something like they just they're feeling like very bad. I think you're saying writers
are dramatic. Yeah, I think it's very I always thought it was very profound. I mean, I that that
like, we have this industry out here where, you know, things that in any other part of the world
might be just too frivolous for there to be such compartmentalized and industrialized like a division
of labor. And because even, you know, that we developed these breeds, and that it's always,
you know, I'm so thankful that there's this like breed of industry person that does just every part
of the job of working as a writer that I would rather kill myself than do, which I mean, notably
just like selling me like telling people that I'm good and that I should have a job. I would if I
would never I would die of starvation before I did that would never be like, well, I'm pretty good
writer. Think, think you should maybe what are you doing over here like a Star Trek reboot like
look, I've been I've been I've been I've been loving Star Trek maybe you've seen some of my work
here's something you can read like I don't know if they come pretty good like I would just like
now I'm gonna I didn't know that John Travolta was a writer. John Travolta, what are you working
on right now? You got a you got a new script for us? I'm working on tell all about the the set
of Broken Arrow. I got to say Broken Arrow is not my favorite John Travolta movie. Well,
why don't you take a flying hose on a rubber hose? I've sound like Bobcat going through it.
What did they say? And welcome back Connor. Take a take a sit on a rubber hose or take a put your
nose up your nose with a rubber hose. Thank you. Thank you. I always say up your butt with a coconut,
but that wasn't from welcome back Connor. No, I don't think you could say that back down.
Yeah, you couldn't say up your butt. They wouldn't say up your nose if they could say up your butt.
Right. They're like, we got to put it somewhere. They're like, you get it. The nose is like the
ass. How is that happy days when they would say sit on it? Sit on it seems almost worse than
up your nose. Yeah, that's sit on it. What am I supposed to sit on? Probably your dick, right?
I'm assuming either. Well, they were in the they were usually in the men's room when they told
somebody to sit on it. And honestly, like regardless of what you're sitting on, it's probably going
up your ass. I mean, there's really no getting around that. I can't believe that. Who made happy
days? Who's the creator on that one? Gary Marshall. Is it Gary Marshall? I had his office at Paramount.
Oh, yeah? Yeah, my office was. That wasn't your eccentric days when you would show up at Paramount
in a fucking bathrobe like one of the Wachowsky brothers or whatever, right? Yeah, I guess sometimes
I do that. Then I got fired. But like, I mean, sometimes you got to edit on a Saturday. I'm not
going to put pants on. I shot that Daryl video in that office was Gary Marshall's office. Did you
really show up to Paramount just in pajamas and slippers and stuff? Yeah, I would go there. Like,
yeah, like usually like when it was like in the thick of things when it was like, oh, you got to
work on the weekends, which I would do. But it was like, oh, I got to go in on the weekend. And I'm
just going to sit and pull into Paramount's lap, go into an edit bay and sit there for six hours and
ship an episode. Yeah, that's where I'll wear my pajamas. I saw you and me Wednesday in the last
episode of this. You came out in your little Jimmy Jams. Yeah, that was really good. Oh, all right.
Well, so we got we do have some some items to go over. Like, I feel like this one's kind of urgent
because for fans of my workout, which they are legion a couple days ago, a couple workouts ago,
we were talking about my coyote problem. And I I had ordered this ghillie suit, like, which is where
you look like a swamp thing. And it came and I like I wore it during my workout and stuff. But
I was like, you know, I was talking before. Hang on, can I pause here for a second? Why did you
get a ghillie suit for your coyote problem? My feeling at the time I was a little drunk, but I
was like, I thought I was like maybe like wear it. And like, it was based on a threat I had made to
the coyotes. While really drunk, like I did like a Kevin Spacey monologue to the coyotes for like
20 minutes. So you verbally to coyotes in your backyard or just to the universe itself?
Like, I did it under my breath, but in a way that if my neighbors wanted to listen, like,
they would be alarmed. So it was kind of a because I was clearly talking. It was a taxi
driver. You talk to me kind of thing. But I was like coyotes. Yeah, I was like projecting like
this. Like, I was like, because I just I was just finished shooting some slingshot like clay
biodegradable clay balls into the wait, these things are getting so aggressive. You've already
invested in anti coyote weaponry. Yeah. Yeah, I got like this crazy slingshot.
Right. But it was like rocket kind of thing. But I still, you know, I was like saying, I shot it
and like, like, you know, into the into the area. Are you shooting at actual animals that you saw?
Or no, I mean, if I couldn't see them, but I wouldn't aim at them. I wouldn't be my objective
to hit them. Because I don't think that would do any good. I would rather just be a nuisance to
them and scare them. And the concern would be that they're going to come and eat Nigel or what?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, eventually that they're because I feel like they're a they wouldn't be two feet
from my back door. If they weren't already in some trouble, you know, so it's a it's a tragedy for
them. But they probably smell the pheromones or the dog food or whatever that they just know that
there's pets in the house. I know, but it's not like a natural, like, it's not like a natural
thing for this is a recent thing. Again, going back to the fires that we had, and I think like
there was a big migration down, there's been like a lot of aggressive coyote stuff. And I'm just
saying, like, I have to imagine that all of these coyotes that are like so active in Los Filos
right now, that they're they're up against it. And that and they're getting very aggressive. And
what I worry about is a combination of their aggression. And like, if they're starving, like
them getting kind of loopy, or like, like a hat, like a, you know, like abandoned pups or whatever,
like, I don't want to know the shit's going to hit the fan if like some you've seen these like
crazy coyotes, like, broad daylight, like one that was just that's just like, yeah, Paul Ruston,
Leslie Orphans, little dog got eaten, like, and I heard it happen. It was fucking nuts.
Jesus. Yeah, well, put a pin in that. That's awful. You heard it. Put a pin in that. And
their other dog, which is a golden doodle like yours, like Harvey watched it happen. And they're
like, he was never the same again. Like he was fucking absolutely went insane by watching his
little friend get murdered by a pack of coyotes. Because I mean, Harvey can't even handle watching
a fucking cartoon about a deer without losing his shit. Harvey just will walk in and he'll
lay on his back and then pee on my shoe. Nah, come on. He doesn't pee that much.
The so yeah, I'm just worried happened once. That's enough. I am worried about a like juvenile
hunger starved heat stroked, like, like fucking incel coyote, just like on a on a comp on a speed
ball high of nothing to lose. And he's riding a lime scooter. He's fucking coming down
Griffith Park Boulevard. And he's pissed about the sesh wine sauce. He's like,
and just like, like either like just just try just like going for broke. I mean, life finds away
and like and like they're what I'm worried about is the failure of that plan even more than the
success of it that that like a injured kind of sick coyote landing in my yard and then needing
help from other coyotes or just freaking out because it's like I'm trapped. It would be trapped
in there. And if I was out, if I was out and it was like 3pm and the doggy door was unlocked and
there's a coyote trapped in my backyard, Nigel's a fucking idiot. Like he thinks that skunks are
are party favors. Like he's just like, yay, free skunk candy. You know, like, has he been
skunked a lot? Yeah, he got skunked like twice in the first like two weeks of my relationship
with Cody. Dogs don't learn about skunks. You'd think that once bitten twice shy, but they
fucking don't. They just say, oh, skunk again. Harvey understands. Harvey's got the got the
the the whatever genes in him where he's like he hangs back 20 yards and barks and goes like skunk,
skunk, skunk, skunk, skunk, skunk and Nigel's just like like a torpedo. And just and then he just
like but like if Nigel gets out of bed starts barking and running downstairs panic and run
because last time that happened, I made it as far as the kitchen and he's coming back in the
doggie door going with like fucking mucus shooting out of his face and the whole house immediately
smelling like like not it does not smell as much like weed. No, it smells like like poison. Like
I just got apparently explode on my doorstep one time. And my place like you couldn't even breathe
in my place. It's in your shit forever. You have to throw away like like like even just curtains
and stuff. It just gets in it. And there was at my new place. There was a family of skunks.
There was a mama and a papa and some babies and they're adorable. They're so cute. And we just
stood there. I came home at like midnight or one a.m. And there was just a Mexican standoff.
They just stood in front of my door for a half hour. And I wasn't going anywhere. They weren't
going anywhere. Yeah. What do you do? You can't shoot them off. I clap my hands. Yeah.
It usually makes them go away. Like I've had a couple of showdowns with a skunk where they're
like, I don't want to do this anymore than you do. I thought you're going to do a skunk clapping
handswrap. Oh, because clapping. I was like, what? I was trying to figure out what was awesome.
There was a skunk clapping handswrap. Did you guys see that Scotty Bowers documentary,
the secret Hollywood guy? Yeah, he feeds his skunks. These guys like he lives somewhere here
and he like he puts out extra cat food for the skunks and they just come running right away.
Like they're like they're just like waiting for him to put the food out and then they I mean
that's what it looks like in that documentary. I'm like, I wonder if that's do those skunks
not spray? They don't if they feel comfortable that they don't they don't like get up on your
shit. But if a dog comes go like comes over and snarls at them, they're going to put their
butthole right on your face. And that's that's the end of that. So this is why I bring this up
is because a couple of workouts ago, I'm talking about the coyote problem. And I'm like, okay,
yeah, it's Spencer and Steve are ordering me like an airsoft gun or whatever. Like we're
we're getting equipment, you know, I just want to be as well scare these coyotes into having a
larger birth around my yard. And and then I got I got look, and I said in case anybody out there
has got their ears on to the live stream, and you're like, Oh, you just you want to be mean to
animals. What's what are they doing wrong? I was like, really, no, I've tried everything. I've tried,
you know, noise and don't tell me shake a coffee can at them with rocks and it like I've tried
everything. They're getting really aggressive. They don't care anymore. And Dave Kline said,
Have you tried praying? And I was like, you got me, though I have not tried praying. That's true.
Like before I go up in my ghillie suit. And so then I did this thing where I'm like, because I'm
like, I look, I, you know, functionally, I may as well be an atheist in terms of like, I don't,
I don't do nothing for no no deities. I don't I don't pay nothing forward. But but culturally,
I don't know, psychologically, like, I'm, I'm like, I don't I, I, I, I'm, I'm panicking even
talking about it right now. Like I have this inborn, like Midwestern. If you blaspheme, like,
you're God's just gonna like, it is just just seize the opportunity to prove he exists just
by fucking like taking one of your legs out. And, and so I was like, okay, if I'm doing this,
I gotta be real serious about it. So I very sincerely, you know, I would have made it very
complicated because I was like, no, I sound like a dick, like I'm like, you know, stuff. But I did
went through this like prayer, where I prayed for the coyotes to as a God take, you know,
if you want, if you want to fill these coyotes hearts with the desire to relocate, whatever
it is, like, like, don't don't smite them. If it's if it's a choice between doing nothing and
smiting, I'll deal with them. Like I don't want anything smitten for me. It's smote. So I don't
want, I don't want nothing smoke. Yo, don't be smote. But I'm smote. It might, it might
why the ghillie suits? Why did you get a ghillie suit? It was part of the threat he made.
Yeah. Oh, right. Because I was talking to him Kevin Spacey style into the darkness. I was drunk
and I was like in my underwear. And I was like, I was just like, I felt a little emasculated,
which I can say here because they can't hear me. But like, I, I feel like it's all about like
vibes and stuff, like communicate, like, like if I, I, I believe not with all animals, like,
I don't think you can talk to a hamster just to do it. But I believe that it when it when it comes
to when it's a real situation of, of animus, I guess you'd call it, right? Like when it's,
when it's significant, when it's, when it's man versus beast on some level where it's like, okay,
well, we're neighbors now, you know, like in the old days, what it predates our memetic evolution
and cuts right to the heart. Like we still have lizard brains. We still, we're still made of
the same carbon from the same stars as these little pieces of shit. Like why did you buy a
ghillie suit? Because I, because I told them I would, because I, and if I, and if I do, if I
say I'm going to do something, I said I'm coming up there. I said I'm ordering shit from Amazon
and you got two weeks. Why, why dress like a bush? I just sneak up on a coyote who lives in
bushes. You scared the shit out of them. No, they're more scared of human beings dressed like
not bushes. They're not, they're not scared enough of human beings. They need to think that I'm psycho.
So any question you have is a question that they'll have. A psycho bush and they're going to go,
oh, I'm going to pee on that bush. I'm going to fucking be friend. Oh, I hope so. Yeah. I hope
they pee on me. And then I'm going to go, yeah. And they're going to be like, what the fuck bite
you. I go, bite me. I'm a bush man. Like I just want him to be like, uh, not worth it. I was on
the road. I was on the road telling a series of fantastic dick jokes across the country. But I
think I saw a picture of you dressed up in a ghillie suit. Yeah. And I couldn't, for the life of
me, try to reconstruct what the fucking purpose of that was. I worked out in it and it felt really
great. Tony, did you put it on? Do you, do you roll around? I swear I could bench 20 more pounds
wearing it because I felt like this like, do you, do you cruise around in your backyard at night
and haunting coyotes in your ghillie suit? No, I haven't used it on them yet because as I told them,
I said, I said, I said, I said to them, I said, I said, you guys can stay as quiet or as loud as
you want right now. You do whatever you want. Like this isn't, I've told you before to be quiet
and you weren't right. So we're past that point. There's no credibility now.
Yeah. Politeness has gone out the window with you and these coyotes. I don't care.
I feel, we're not playing games anymore. I'm not negotiating for fucking decibel.
You don't negotiate with coyotes. Oh, be quiet if I throw a rock. Oh, now you made
more noise. Now you made less. I'm telling you right now, too late. You may as well scream and
shout or you may as well be quiet. Still won't save you because here's what's going to happen.
I'm ordering a ladder from Amazon and when it comes, I'm climbing up over this wall and I'm
coming up there. What? Yeah. And to what end? What's the end game when you get up over the
wall? I feel like, I feel like, I feel like the effectiveness of that statement is in the negative
space. Like, I want them to be going, why? What are you going to do? But I said, you don't understand
human society and I don't understand coyotes society, but I will tell you right now, you are
dealing with a man with unexpressed rage on a on a dead line. It seems like they and a budget you
they condition me. No, it seems like they keep pushing you. Well, they keep pushing me. Yeah,
yeah, I think it seems like they drew first blood. I think they are right. Dan, this is them
conditioning you. They've taught you to be a bush. Yeah, you just you just got that idea from me,
Miss hearing Spencer. I got to say that I I thought I knew how to fight coyotes. Yeah, he was at
Wolves or coyotes, but I never imagined putting on a bush suit. This is next level. I was thinking
about getting coyote urine and put and putting coyote urine on the suit to like just just just
then you hit them with your like contrary action. You know, I missed I missed the wolf urine show.
Tell me in a sentence or two what the point of the year and colon they hate that wolves are like
well coyotes are afraid of wolves unless they're having sex with them. But that's that's genus
canis for you. They're they're either they're either breeding or eating each other. But the
the so so here's the thing that I just don't see the point of dressing up like a bush to fight a
coyote because like you don't you want to be more course you don't more of a threat to them
and look no I want I know I want to traumatize them mentally. Do you think coyotes have that
sort of mental capacity to remember things because I think if it's a shock to their system and I'm
not allowed to do that to them physically I can't and I wouldn't want to but like I said they're
struggling like it's like you know but they come down my street like like Waverly they come down
and they come down Griffith Park and Waverly and they silently like wraiths they just come down
and they walk down the street and they're looking around and they kind of hoot to each other
and they're all looking around and they all go into somebody's backyard and eat somebody's little
dog or cat. I'll tell you what man and it's fucking gnarly and you see people you wake up and you
hear the screaming of the animal dying and then you hear the screaming of the owner of the animal
coming out and they're underwear throwing like hairbrushes and shoes at them and scaring them off
as they as they're devouring their little precious animal. It's not happening. If I can talk to Paul
Reston Leslie Arfun about their dog dying it's fucking really gruesome. So here's the thing though
we're living in an extraordinary times you know like this is not normal shit like the night that
I did my monologue like it was like your monologue to the coyotes in your underwear. Yeah it was
like the purge anarchy like like there was like there was a coyote and like right up on my shit
going like aye aye aye aye aye and and but then like it was doing it because in the distance when
it would shut up and you would hear in the far distance like miles away just this army it was
just like and I was like these fuckers think that they're gonna keep like pushing like they think
that the were in the end days they could probably smell that we are they're like they think they
probably like they hear us talking about Trump in our bedrooms and they're like sounds like it's
coyote time sounds like we've entered the era of coyotes like I might I might invent a lever
next week I might start I might be the Archimedes of coyotes I won't know unless I get lots of
protein in me anyways so so so I so I said to the coyotes that night because it was like hearing
this shit in the distance and I'm like I was like I just I knew I had to like put on a strong face
and be like I just I just I just you know just like kind of counterintuitive I was just like
I'm glad you're quiet now I hope you're quiet forever because but it doesn't matter because
like I'm getting a ladder from Amazon and I'm coming up here. Is Harmontown gonna be about
canine predators for the rest of time now because we got wolf urine and we got coyotes?
Well I don't know we could get through it if you I mean like look I had this I had one thing to
say about this which was that during my workout then I said I was explaining all this to Dave
Klein Dave Kline says have you tried praying I prayed so look what I said in my prayer also is
like look God you know obviously if the coyotes don't come back not that that not that there needs
to be anything in this for you but if the coyotes just disappear now you know I'm gonna tell the
story I'm not gonna leave you out I'm not gonna like whitewash like I'm not gonna be like oh
you know like I'm and I know and I don't I don't mean I know you like that PR you like that you
like that acknowledgement you know I don't know you don't thrive on it but I will I would I promise
I will tell people I prayed for the coyotes to go away and then they went away that'll be my story
and I sit here tonight to tell you like I haven't heard the fucking coyotes since I prayed for them
to go away oh shit I now now now some some of you the atheist people fans it's okay that's all right
I love atheists we need them we need skeptics we need we need them more than than than than ever
you guys can just assume that it was the Kevin Spacey monologue because I told them I said I
said get your shit I said I said look it doesn't matter coming up from what from from house of car
from our commercials from his uh from his christmas christmas apron video on youtube
was that brendan I was pretty fucked up I got in the plane today from Boston back to LA and the
the first thing I saw was that Notre Dame was on fire in Paris that really bummed me out oh no oh
yeah what happened what are nazis no I think so but no it's saying that yet just back I don't
think that the the the verdict is in on what happened right they might they were doing reconstruction
on it and it might have been just like a construction accident the actual church yeah there's a whole
roof fell in the main spiral that was built like in 1840 or something that all fell in most of the
superstructure in stone and the bell towers stayed up but there was a very big chance that all the
bells were going to fucking fall down and kill everybody the firefighters in there but uh friends
of ours uh like church has friends and I have friends that would like live right across the
descend from it and watch the whole thing catch on fire and there was people singing Ave Maria and
French and it was or maybe Latin I don't know absolutely beautiful and I don't think you have
to be religious to be really struck by the fact that uh and nearly what 900 year old building is
just fucking in a towering inferno and the whole roof fell in it's really it was really gruesome
and it was uh it put me in a pretty bad mood and I hope that uh they can rebuild it and make it good
some very rich Frenchman uh businessman said he's going to give like a like a 100 million euro
just to start the uh the rebuild on it which is better yeah no shit and then and then a friend of
mine uh Brian who's a very good friend he made like the joke because I posted a picture of me
that I took in front of the Notre Dame like maybe like three four years ago and he's like oh yeah
yeah let's let's let's make sure that I don't have a picture of myself in front of Notre Dame so I
guess I can't make it about me and I was like I don't think it's making about you I don't think
it's vanity I think that's just grief and we had a very very good conversation about that I think
social media does want you to make things about yourself or like we just are a pair of kids pecking
at our own reflection and stuff but I think to have visited Notre Dame and to be sad that the
thing is fucking on fire um isn't vanity I think that's uh I think that's an expression of grief
about watching one of uh the world's great pieces of architecture die in front of us and uh I don't
know they may be very depressed in Notre Dame in in in the in the states and uh was it Indiana
where is it university or something where's where's Notre Dame and oh it's just a college I think it's not a city is Indiana
where is it south bend indiana yeah but there's no city it's just the name of the the it's Notre
Dame de Paris it's uh it's the it's the Our Lady of Paris and that's the big church on the uh was it
the oldest city whatever like right right on the island of uh in the middle of the Seine River
and it's right in the heart of France and it's probably the most iconic church uh ever I would
have been less upset if the Sistine Chapel burned down than the fucking uh Notre Dame that's it's
whoa shots fired hot takes shots fired yeah there's a friends of mine like that live right by it
there's just pictures of just smoke and then there's people that were up in Montmartre and uh like the
soccer court like you're looking down on Paris and you just see in the middle of Paris the most famous
thing in the world just raging in fire um it uh it really really affected me it made me really
really sad so supposedly the bells are still standing and they they've saved the towers and
whatnot but they're gonna have to rebuild it they gotta they've done it they'll do it
I haven't seen uh Game of Thrones yet oh boy that's a good segue
yeah also didn't Jackie Robinson turn 100 today if he was still alive
there's a whole lot of shit going on today man it's a it's a it's emotionally charged
I haven't seen it either I also I got a new receiver from Direct TV and I don't think I have
my shit set to record Game of Thrones so I might have to go back there and fucking have to sneak
I wanted to watch that Scotty Bowers documentary so I went to Apple TV and then and then I went to
and then that took me to Amazon and then Amazon told me I had to get stars through Amazon and then
stars said uh hey do you want to uh after your free trial do you want to get charged monthly
or yearly if you get charged yearly you save 50% for only $79 a year for stars and I was like
so I paid like 80 bucks for a movie about a guy that was gay with Spencer Tracy like I'll never
what am I gonna browse stars what's wrong with me I don't know I guess I'd be like what's wrong
with me even more though if I did the monthly thing because I'm saving 70 bucks right I don't know
so Jackie Robinson was a uh african-american ballplayer who is sorry that's a real interesting
documentary I would I would I would I would recommend for people very very very uh ambient I
don't know it's not like it's got it's not like a big roller coaster ride like oh my god I can't
believe this happened but it's just like an interesting portrait what's the one I was just
I heard about today that's there's a documentary about a dude that free climbed uh all capitan
in Yosemite or something what's it called free solo that's supposed to be fucking crazy right
is it good yeah we got we got four Yaz hell yeah and all of his friends are dead right because
everybody that tries to do that fucking dies don't fucking do that I watch that uh you guys
watch I harness it when I go down staircases you know I have serious uh acrophobia which I think
that's what that's what it is it's fair heights right it'll be acrophobia like Cody and I are
looking at houses and I there was a house I looked at we were never gonna get it but like it was like
it just had this balcony it was like I couldn't go out on it I mean I could but I was like I
can't live I couldn't live here I never occurred to me like I've been in hotels you know all the
time you're in a hotel I'm like I can't like I don't know I I I I wonder where I am on the you
know ordinary meter of like people that can't like last uh New Year's eve or the one before
we sing the microveloz thing we were we were on a very precipitous balcony the whole time on that
one yeah when I go up to a balcony balcony like that like my legs get numb I'm seized with what
I've read is described I did I couldn't put words onto it before I read it in this like
coffee table book about phobias but it's it talked about how people are people with this phobia
are particularly disturbed by what they describe as a as a as a as a as a uncontrollable thought
about jumping yeah because I think your brain is just running through the fear of heights I say
is not so much a fear of falling as a fear of jumping yeah but it's also like like I notice
like if I'm holding an object or if anyone around me is holding an object like I can't stand watching
Cody with the like that New Year's where Cody's just like you know hi and she's got like the like
whether it's a whether it's a phone or a glass I'm just like the thought of this thing like like
dropping yeah like it freaks me out yeah I think it's like I think I think the I don't know I've
read or something that the idea is it's like your brain is kind of doing flash cards or it's like
what if I jump no bad that would be bad what if I grab this cop's gun no that would be bad what if
I like did a sandwich or something that'd be fine you know but it's just like it's just the brain
is kind of reinforcing the negative mental and emotional what if you're on a balcony with a
cop what if you're on a balcony with a cop grab their gun and just jumped off that'd be great
and then they're like he didn't why don't you be an absolute legend my man yeah
they'd call you Hans Gruber but yeah I get it the most with phones I'm just always imagining
like dropping the last phones off bridges or opening up the hotel of a window of a hotel just
to drop my phone out and I'm like this is bad I gotta get out of here like I do a lot of shows
in the Bay Area and so we're constantly going back and forth across the Golden Gate where
people kill themselves all the time and I'm fascinated by I had a cousin who did that huh
I had a cousin who did that who did what he killed himself on the bridge he jumped up the bridge
yeah your cousin it's sad which side what he side or the other side my mom's sister's no I mean
which side of the bridge you you fucking suicide nephew up river stop making this about you Spencer
which side of the bridge I'm sorry because some people that's awesome that's amazing most people
jump off my mom's most people jump off facing the city because they want to see San Francisco as
they kill themselves but once in a while some punk rockers fucking go off the other side yeah I
don't I don't know that that was written down I mean I'm sure it was right I don't know if it was
brought up but I have nothing if they didn't want people to jump off the Golden Gate bridge
bigger fences yeah they stop putting a little sign that says hey call this number if you're
feeling about what you're thinking about killing yourself yeah there is stuff they can do and I
can't remember why they don't do what they can do I think I don't I don't I don't know it might
maybe it's maybe maybe it's constitutional fucking liberty maybe there maybe it's San Francisco
right so there maybe there's like a hippie in charge of the city and they're like hey man
six thousand people six thousand people kill themselves off the bridge every year and I
still can't get a parking spot oh yeah um thank thank you it used to be an AIDS joke now I made
it about the bridge uh so you guys caught up on that uh on that glass trilogy what the you got
you got you watch the unbreakable and then you watch the uh split and uh you got you got all
caught up you see that glass movie Dan is it me or do you sound better your congestion seems to have
gone away yeah I was that was that a full put on at the start of the show I can't I mean I don't
want to be gross but I swallowed kind of a queen bee loogie sometimes that's all it takes
the queen the queen went down the down the hatch stopped laying the drones you know you sound
like you're back to full fighting shape right now it could be a little medicine it's like
oldest medicine uh yeah I mean I watched that glass movie by myself
uh and I and I I'm 46 years old and I knew what I was doing and I watched the whole thing
and at the end of it I was like so what are you gonna tell people you watch this and you're gonna
be like what a piece of shit and I was like what you knew it was gonna be a what did you think
like what what did you think and then and I was like you know what I liked it I might as well say
that why why would you why would you watch something and then like what am I watching it for there was
a million I still haven't watched the notebook I thought like there's stuff I could watch if I
want to do and enlighten myself I was like well I'm gonna watch glass so I can round out the unbreakable
trilogy and watch Bruce Willis uh Sam Jackson and that guy the the star of split uh just uh
they spend the whole movie in a hospital run by the woman that you get if Joan Cusack isn't available
and uh and I'm like if this movie if this if they just have a fight in this movie's parking lot
I'm gonna shit my pants and that sure enough they fucking the whole move it's like the breakfast
club that movie like they're just like in a hospital for an hour and a half and then they
fight in the parking lot it is so goofy it is the goofiest movie I've ever seen no not really
I've seen goofier movies surely I don't know I can't name any offhand my brain is with cheese but
it was just such a goofy movie there are these there's like there's like uh is it a comedy uh no
I mean not not not not not not my purpose yeah it wasn't trying to be funny I mean there was
probably a moment or two and I was like oh and then this will be funny I didn't notice that but but
it was just like uh are these in theaters or where are these from yeah this is uh you can
you can watch this now on their streaming services I don't I don't based on your description I have
no desire to watch these at all no you wouldn't want to watch this movie right I was just checking
with the kids I mean I know they're they love the Shimali on the Shimali oh that's a Shimali on
Shimali on that's a Shimali on yeah did you know that M night Shimali on is uh actually um
um he's uh the brother of a more beloved uh director named M night uh Gamalian and like his
his mom it doesn't make sense because you don't have different last names you might
what if he had a different dad it's dumb I don't know you know it's just like oh Gamalian and then
Gamalian died in a uh uh but oh wait no wait what am I see that wouldn't make sense well then
then she just calls him Shimali on because it's like it's like calling the uh creative arts Emmys
the Shmemys you know it's like ah Shimali on you know like you're no you're no you're no Gamalian
Gamalian Shimali on you know he's got to live with that is that how you say his name Shimali
that's how I say it I'm sure it's not how like yeah you say bag also we don't know what he knows
I don't have the energy for you your hair is looking very good right now you got this kind of
kind of uh deadliest catch kind of uh captain of a vessel flattery will get you everywhere
the the burying sea gives up its great haircuts
uh what's your secret what's your secret how do you keep your hair so soft and manageable
I mean so I don't know so Cody kind of curates the Asperger detective episodes but okay this
motherfucker has been killing it this motherfucker I don't I don't know if I'm hearing about an
order are you listening to the patreon episodes that could be maybe she subscribed to the patreon
but dude he went off on this thing what's actually called it's not called asperger it's called
cold case murder mysteries murder mysteries uh I want to say his name is Ryan Kraus it is okay
I mean he's like first of all he did I I don't know if he did it recently or if it was just there
and I didn't know it but he did he did my the the uh Kanika Powell uh mystery like which is that
that young lady that I talked about who uh you know when we had the red-handed girls on
and I was saying like I don't understand why uh why this thing you know it's just like so crazy
that she was you know these more than one guy it was like trying to kill her and just kill
but he he really like laid it to rest for me what did he say he he he pinned it on this like
guy that was active at that time before going to jail and he was like a sloppy pseudo serial killer
who did run with a gang who kind of like had people doing his bidding and he was a ups guy that was
like he was he frequently used friends to do like these hold up jobs where they'd pretend
they're to deliver a package and then go on the thing and like all this stuff and he was doing
like rapes and murders weren't be weren't weren't to be on him and um he he he he ended up in prison
sometime after this happened but he was just like it's that guy and he didn't get caught for that
and then he went to prison for other shit and he's in prison now and I was like oh that makes me feel
better yeah because because it just seemed like and also it was like the thing the key thing about
it was that the thing that was scary to me was that the end of the story is that she comes home
from doing her errands and whoever was trying to get into her apartment all of a sudden shoots her
in her apartment building's vestibule and just runs away but it's like oh no but he this is a
person that's really stupid and that spent weeks trying to get into her apartment and it was is
like very clear from the behaviors he kind of laid it out he's like you know this person wanted in
her apartment and used all the dumbest ways to try to get into her apartment and then out of
absolute frustration just like waited there and probably pulled a gun on her as she came home
and she was military and savvy and was no way she was going to comply and and and then there was a
struggle or something and just she started screaming and he couldn't control the situation so he shot
her so she couldn't be a witness and ran off and that's why it was like but that that's the thing
that was really freaking me up because it made it's like well if it wasn't about uh assaulting her
and it wasn't about robbing her it was like like this this whole thing was a coordinated attempt
to kill one woman and no one's investigating it and but it was like now it was a sloppy it was
just it was it was the same kind of criminal that we're all in danger of all the time like
it's just i was able to file it now thank you asperger detective he's great he is it normal for
for the this true crime stuff for a guy to have just like a really concrete laid out theory that
he supports with several you know i don't know i mean he's like colombo that's what's cool about
it is because like i don't really like true crime but necessarily i mean i don't hate it or whatever
i just don't engage in a lot but like he's just like you know he's like here's the crime and here's
why this person did it who's who's not proven guilty but i'm just going out on a limb and saying i
believe in it and it's just crazy because it's like i don't know if he's right or whatever and
sometimes you don't know if he's right but other times it's just like oh man this guy's just like
they should give him a medal or something definitely look these people up but you know i don't
think a lot of them you know anyway it's just very interesting then he also does these like little
little things once in a while and like you said sometimes he does it badly aggravatingly or
mysteriously but then then boy i heard a couple where he is like nailing it and one of them was
like the kessie kessie uh last name kessie i think that was like this this woman who stabbed her
kids and then tried to pretend like someone came in her house and did it and um and he just at the
end of his uh at the end of some of his episodes he just goes and that's about it and that's why
she stabbed her two children but the reason why she did that is because of the same reason
we do anything right because she's afraid afraid of dying afraid of being alone she can't stand
the idea that her few stolen moments on this planet are precursors to an infinity of darkness
after gaining only a brief glimpse of temporary fleeting light she's worried she's a sentient
mammal like the rest of us she doesn't know should she lose weight should she gain weight is she
doing it wrong did she get the right car he'll do like these crazy like george carlin meets bukowski
like fucking henry miller like uh monologues that aren't really that forced he's like really like
i'm like go aspie beat poet like he he he he really he really he's really does it right i mean it's
burger detective um i i almost woke cody up i'm like you gotta you gotta rewind and listen to
this guy he's like laying it down really laid it down so you have a dan you have a ghillie suit at
your house currently right now is it like in the closet is it on the floor is it in a case like
where is it currently existing right now well it's probably just strewn about the bedroom
because when cody saw me in it you know no it's like laying did you have sniper sex that you
did you do a sniper sex no i uh it's probably laying on the uh living room coffee table right
and you you've worn it you've you've strode about in it you've been outside and you've you've communed
with the coyotes no i haven't i'm not yet he doesn't have a ladder yet no you gotta get that ladder
yeah you you went for the ghillie suit before you got ladder ghillie suit came first i don't know why
i got a ladder if you want to borrow it i actually didn't order mine yet oh shit it's
kind of bluffing them coyotes that's probably good can we do a show where you come out in the ghillie
suit yeah i mean maybe but i guess a proper ghillie suit you'd have to dress up like the dan
as you type right you'd have to wear like mahogany and have a candle on your head and stuff like that
like you'd want to camouflage yourself based on your surroundings yeah i mean right like a big
arm war but who cares you know oh dan wore something stupid i've been this this asperger
detectors have been blowing my mind because like you said he does these wrapy up things that are
like about themes and stuff and it's like it's been like church or something it's made me realize
i was like oh man i'm afraid to ask for thanks and i'm like i gotta ask for stuff more and i've been
analyzing my life oh man it feels good there was something that he did a little bit where i was i got
a little inspiration from it too i was i wonder if it was the same thing ask for what spencer
ask for stuff like for instance like stuff you need you know how people are like oh let me ask
for help or ask for stuff i don't do that i was thinking about it was it's one of the things that
drives myself hatred you know um there's a there's a podcast called i think small town dicks um
and it's uh i'm interested my favorite billy joe song it's a it's a real pro one it's a
yardley smith is that the uh lisa simpson yeah i think it's pronounced yardley no i don't know
yeah uh and um uh her friend and then they have these two detectives and uh it's really well done
it's like a higher-end true crime podcast well produced and um but uh they had an episode where
yardley uh told these the stories about her as a victim uh um and uh there was a couple of them and
then there was one for dessert that was like just insane it was like the the the behavior of the
person trying to victimize her was insane but then it was almost it was almost the profound thing
about it was how how insane she felt as a victim like how she she just she's describing this crazy
behavior in the part of this guy that was doing work on her house and she started running all this
like crazy shit on her and um and you know it's fun it's like i i have i feel like i've noticed
it's like if you picture uh yard yardley uh uh smith as a as an actor she she um she was she
wasn't always just the voice of of lisa simpson like she's she's she's she appears in tv shows and
stuff and she was uh having kind of a heyday in the 90s and she's she's a very small like kind of
adorable sort of like like unassuming like everything about her face kind of kind of
transmits this sort of like uh uh like i don't know unassuming or something energy something
like it and it's interesting because i've heard from from women before like like women there's
certain kinds of like women who are like like like i i have this like kind of thing about me
where guys like they smell something on me and they're like coming after me because they're like
it's like i have this like victim target on my head or something she didn't say anything like
that but it was like it occurred to me while listening to these stories i was like i like i
bet it's not just because she's famous but like it is because it's because like there's certain
people that like they just um i i think like like predators are just like oh yeah i don't know if it's
like they they if they know it's easy prey because it's like it's also it's guys like stalking like
falling in love not just like oh she's an easy target it's more like oh i'm in love i'm in love
yeah i'm just walking with certain people and then like people just yell at them like and it's like
i've never experienced this in my life but it's just like people seek them out and like are comfortable
throwing shit at them for whatever reason i i don't know if it's a like yeah like a predator
sense or something um yeah and i kind of like it was crazy like like like this actor is telling
this story about this just absolute batshit psycho guy that's like do it work on our house and he's
like ramping up the uh the stuff and she keeps she keeps talking about these these these crazy
points where you're listening to the story and and her friend is listening to the story and saying
like okay so at this point like you did you think about telling anybody about this like crazy thing
that was happening to you and uh and and she always had this reason why no no not at that time or
thing she wasn't being dodgy about it but it kind of built to this moment where she she i mean she's
been through this and figured this all out by now this is decades ago but it was like she the reason
she came to la to be an actor as this tiny person that that that you know isn't necessarily she didn't
look like Farrah Fawcett she was like i'm gonna go eat the world because i'm entitled to it because
of my stature or my whatever it's like there's this like the the culture of her family and her
psychology in her head was like i gotta own my ambition and i'm gonna go out there and i'm gonna
do this thing and then it's like a very healthy thing like oh own your dreams and visualize your
success and all that stuff and that uh but it comes with this other thing that she's she's getting
victimized by these like crazy stalker guys and she's not telling anybody like and it's it's like
so far beyond points like red flags where where you know she like anyone else might have gotten
killed you just don't know and then but and then she kind of got she got choked up toward the end
because she finally got to a point with this guy where she's simply this guy came over to her house
that was doing work and he had he explained to her that he had just killed two people for her
because they had been following her and he was like laying this whole thing on her and i need
25 000 or just this crazy like weird psycho shakedown and uh and then she just kept letting it go
she still didn't go to anybody and then she describes the moment where she finally she just
runs out of her house and she goes and calls this guy that worked at the studio the fox lot
probably for um for help and she starts like breaking while she's telling the story because
that's that's the thing that got to her was that she finally had to explain to this guy like this
is what's been going on and i like like and you could hear in her voice it's like like like oh
this is the moment of my weakness where i have to tell somebody that i let this get this far and
that i finally need help with it or something and it was just such an interesting that that that
that other side of uh of confidence and ambition and autonomy like you could be you you might be
without knowing it like um pathologically incapable of of of telling somebody you need help um and i
thought i wondered that's what i meant i was like jeez i wonder if i'm that way no if i if
someone goes wrong in my life if i could smear it all over everyone i find that i i can ask people
for things that in a workplace context but outside of that i have a very rough time like
burdening my friends with a request or like i always feel like it's burning but it's just like
hey you want to get a sandwich it's like not you know it's not trying to take anything but it feels
weird to me but it might be a similar thing who knows yeah sorry no i there was nothing i thought
that i was just i just i couldn't believe that story i was i was really taken by it she is like
like this uh she she she seems like such a um such a remarkable character i like because she
she's like i really like that podcast because they're very they're very like um kind of dug dug
down into the into their little true crime stories and it's it feels it feels less uh ghoulish because
they're talking to detectives so they're the detectives walking them through little cases that
they have uh a lot of victim blaming a lot of parent blaming like that there was like uh like uh
there was a there was this like uh sex crime thing what the fuck was it it was like
i just remember one of the detectives explaining this made me this put me off having kids forever
i'm not doing it anymore like i haven't told cody i made the permanent decision but he was he was
like he was like look your kids got an iphone you need to go through that thing or whatever
they're up to it's on you i was like i'm not going through my kids phone if they're like
and you can't keep your kid from having a phone they're like like like you're like until the kids
18 and they're living with you it's your responsibility as a parent modern parenting you
you got to go through their phone and make sure that they're you know you got to check up on them
that's the there's a whole thing happening like to go all these stories about kids that end up
doing all this fucked up shit or falling into these fucked up worlds like it's all on their phone
and and that's the that's the same thing as their bedroom um uh if you know in the in the 60s and
like you gotta you gotta it's not their diary it's like you got to go through i'm like i'm
listening to this advice i'm like if that's true and i guess maybe it technically is like like
because god knows no one else is gonna raise your kid for you but and i'm like okay so i'm not
having a kid for sure i'm gonna go through a 12 year old's shit or be the only dad that doesn't
let a 12 year old have whatever the fuck everyone else has you know do you think we ship a sail for
you in terms of children like for good i don't know you know these you know these tadpoles are
still dancing as in ted do it i i learned that the hard way i mean cody it's all it's all up to
cody like i mean it's not up i mean it's like it's it's it's it's driven by her she's she's
she's in her prime she's she's in her creative prime she's in her biological prime i should i'll
i'll do i'll i'll probably do whatever she wants that's not true i'm gonna have like if i
i think stuff i was seized with like no i definitely don't want kids and then she was like it's time
i might be like uh i don't know i have to gaslight her somehow is there a book on how to gaslight
no i don't know i don't know we're so we're really up in the air we've been we've just been
having is that a uh an imperative for her or no she's not we're not yeah she's not she we don't
don't we're undecided and like she had she had a little period where she was like should i freeze
my eggs she talked to the therapist about it and the therapist was like look if freezing your eggs
is like a ritual you need to engage in that lets you own your life uh then by all means freeze
your eggs but if you can skip the egg freezing and just and just do the like just stop identifying
yourself by you know it's like that kind of thing like like like don't you shouldn't be this shouldn't
be running your life that's crazy the therapist probably didn't say that's crazy um but but and
then cut it was like okay i'm gonna freeze my eggs i told the story and then she like looked at the
information she's like step one don't get high for six months and she's like nope ha ha well you were
okay well eventually you're gonna deal breaker uh but i don't know i read we ran into a friend and
she uh she's in her 40s and she uh she has a podcast about trying to do um inseminate herself
there's a couple of those podcasts out there now um people that are going through the process of
trying to conceive and sharing the the details of it and stuff does that molly hockey's podcast
yeah how do you know well she does a podcast oh okay right that's so weird that i mean it's like
she's she's advertised it on other podcasts that i've listened to okay it must be is it popular
well i don't i know i don't think it's super i mean i don't know especially she's a do you
have desire spencer to be a father or no oh i got all sorts of desires to be a father i don't know
i could i could i could see that i don't know i don't want to force it i don't think that i want
one like a lot but i feel like i could do that you know the ultimate reason to be a father
to prove something to the world yeah i think the ship has sailed from me i mean i could still
do it obviously but i'd like like my father had me when i was 41 i'm 45 and he like i i never had
any memories of my dad who didn't have gray hair like he was always a salt and pepper
gray haired guy and he taught soccer and baseball and how to ride a horse and how to dig a hole and
do a thing and like he was like like there's like a super dad and it's like i just don't know if i've
got the fucking i do improv yeah i feel like i'm getting such joy out of withdrawing from the world
and i and like like my in in 13 years if i had a kid tomorrow that's only 13 years i have before
i have another like fucking goober like that i just that i'm trying to cut loose you know it's
like like oh great another fucking like kid that i have to raise i just feel like i feel like i have
to raise 300 000 of them every time i post an instagram i just want to like i just want to
experience for one moment before i get diagnosed with something like peace like i did it i beat you
guess what i didn't like any of you either ha fooled you you know i thought like just what
just one one hour of that before before i'm like in charge of whether or not people feel good or
bad about themselves i like i hate people i've lost a lot of faith in the species but i don't
feel like it's a bad thing i feel like my faith was unhealthy it was like a codependence or something
it was like you know approval addiction or something it's like yeah people are people suck
like they're they're shitty they're not all shitty and they're not none of them are all
shitty as individuals and and certainly not all people are shitty there's a there's lots and
lots of better ones and all the stuff but it's just in general so like you know bacteria you know
just they're just garbage the internet is just it's just it's it i still struggle now with like
oh is it is it like like i like i felt like my latest insight is like because i posted this
instagram like where it was like the you know the photo of the black hole and uh i thought it was
a reasonable i thought it was a funny joke like like like uh take on the thing it was like the
photo of the black hole and i did this like caption where i was like uh oh it was it was a
headline that said like meet the woman that took the photo of the black hole and i and i so i did
this caption that was like okay well uh i saw this headline uh after i wrote my rotten tomatoes
review of the black hole and then did this kind of like review of the black hole where it was very
clear that like i was uh trying to take something away from from the black hole as if it was created
by a woman um and uh it was just it was just like a like a like you know it was like like i thought
it was a well-crafted like but not like beyond anyone's like reckoning kind of thing and i remember
like at the end of it i was like i was like i always i always like hover over the click button
i'm like okay what is anybody gonna misunderstand and i remember going like well you say the word
wheelchair at the end that'll probably trigger a couple people and that's okay because i i said
like by the way but bottom line is this black hole is basically just a a collapsed star uh
that uh could have been predicted by uh almost any guy in a wheelchair or something like that and
i was like uh like uh he said wheelchair and like you you might get a couple like ablest
comments and that's fine and then it clicked extended and it was like i looked back at it
and i'm like holy shit it was like it was like like a petri dish and it was crazy it was like 10% of
300 000 people just just just in all sincerity just going like yeah but just because she's a woman
doesn't make the black hole any less valuable like like in true sincerity i i read that one and i
predicted before i looked at any comments that you're gonna get rumbled on that and then and then
the other 10% are arguing with them and going like no he's right this is fucking bullshit like
identity politics i'm like like like so just like dumb people it was it was actually like a
out of all the things i've ever done that have been that misunderstood by that many people
like i was kind of like i regret that one the least because it really is this like moment of
clarity where i'm like you can kind of like see like it felt like equal equal a number of equal
people on two lobes there were just like people that saw concepts that made them want to leap to
the defense of something with good intentions and people that hated those people is it like
all just like people not exercising any amount of critical thinking really right because there's
absolutely no way i mean what at what point did you that's why i started thinking about it i was
like okay so are people getting dumber or like and i pictured like okay let's go to the roman
coliseum and like i think that what's ha i think the part of what the internet is doing is is this
so imagine being at the roman coliseum and there's no there's no technology beyond like you're just
you're just in a crowd of people that's the that's the biggest internetiest crowd you could be in
is just a bunch of people at the coliseum and then someone comes out and they think they're
they're gonna try to do a little bit you know like they and they like maybe something about
their bit it's not they didn't think it through i had a i i wrote on the the vma's in 2006 and this
writer matt murray was like uh he's like you know you're being too nuanced with some of this stuff
like i wrote i wrote on the jimmy fowlin vma's and like what i learned is that these kinds of
audiences can express themselves in one of two ways they can they can scream or they can be quiet
it um and and so like so you're imagining like like the bandwidth being lowered so you don't
have a comment you don't have you know everyone doesn't have like this qwerty keyboard in front
of them and and also but they're connected to each other so think about all the times you've
ever been in public and you've been watching something like at a carnival or something and
like it probably it's probably a hard thing to remember because it probably doesn't stick out
that much in your memory because it's but you could what you can probably remember is that this
happens now and then you just probably can't like conjure up a list of the times you've seen it
but you're at a live performance and something something goes wrong something something goes
wrong between the performer and the audience the uh the either it's either it's the performers fault
then that they didn't they didn't realize like how the venue how the timing of it was going to work
or it's just simply like it's a matter of opinion on your part of whether or not the who
who there's anyone's fault but like you have memories in your head of like a disconnect
happening where somebody in the audience might might go like like oh boo like like like because
they're responding at the wrong time to the wrong concept and but then like that person
traditionally um they get they they get they get swallowed up either by silence or there's like
there's a group of people around them that are like off with his head no no and then but then
they'll overhear people going like it's a bit it's a bit it's a bit like like in real time
and it'll just kind of like wash out that that's like usually we're biologically designed for
that to be a much more organic process and yeah people pop off and they want to be special and
they want to they want to contribute to things but we're designed biologically to do that in an
environment where it just like stabilizes itself so quickly and which allows you to not have put
your ass out there that's the problem I think is that by the time people are telling you these
days that you're a fucking idiot that which happens to the best of us some shit goes over your head
sometimes you're just looking at stuff the wrong way the wrong angle coffee cup the wrong nutrients
and your breakfast like wrong wrong timing some performers fought sometimes too like uh like
like like but by the time someone is telling you uh you didn't get it it's over your head you don't
have a sense of humor you didn't you didn't get it you have written a fucking essay about about how
no captain crunch should never be cloned cloning is unethical like there is no captain crunch that's
a serial character and you're like your tendency is therefore going to be to really well yeah
still though there are considerations like like whereas normally the way you're designed to be
able to do is just go like like you're only you only have just a little bit of a yay or a boo
coming out of your mouth before you feel that humiliation kick in you don't have this kite
that you've flown that's been designed and and and all this energy put into it and I think that's
and on one hand I think that that's like a way of of looking at it positively and saying like look
we're no different we're not changing that much we're just the just the medium it just it just
it just it just shines different lights in different parts of our general the same amount of
stupidity that we've always had but a really scary way of looking at it is that yeah but that's
that's a feedback loop that is that's a memory you store now it's different than going to a magic
show and the ladies sawn a little bit in half and you're like call 911 and and like someone goes
like it's it's magic and and you're like that's a different story you have in your head and you
file that differently and affects your complete your neurological map completely differently
than I think than if you write a paragraph you know advocating and defending and like
accusing and and and hashtagging and and then someone is like wow you read that wrong
and and I don't I don't know if that it's like it worries me that that that's going to make the
that that sock off balance it makes the dryer scoot all the way across the basement floor
do you millennials still have socks basements and dryers probably that probably they figured
how to make dryers not scoot across are we living in a post sock millennial world right now they
probably have like a like like contextually aware like dryers now that are like there's only one
sock in here I will I will group swarm I will tag three other dryers on the block and receive dry
sock information from them I want I want to I want to hear more from millennial dryer isn't
it interesting uh I think it was a TED talk I heard when somebody was like this is interesting
this guy like like oh this is the TED talk I want to give it's sort of like just doom saying
uh somebody explaining that um we can't uh we're not going to stop technology like we keep we I
know we know that in general but we keep the fact that we keep thinking of it like oh if something
goes too far we'll stop it or something goes into a dangerous area they were talking they were talking
about like the smart devices the fact that if you get a new refrigerator now it's it's a good
chance it'll be like Wi-Fi capable for no reason that some yahoo just of course they put they made
your refrigerator like able to log on to the internet and like check on your juice or something
like like it's it's it always starts with some gimmick you know because oh what if that sells
an extra refrigerator but it's like it it's never gonna stop there is no way you can't opt out of
this stuff I don't know why I find that interesting I guess I did find it like awful I guess we're
in the end of the show because I'm just drunk and babbling nonsense I I travel so much and then I
I have this thing where like I'll buy some food and then I have to go on the road and I'll put
everything in the freezer and now I just got nothing but shit in the freezer I just have a
million loaves of bread in the freezer that I just I that's I what kind of bread we're just gonna
we're just gonna see we're just gonna turn we're just too old man on a bus stop bench I like a
mammoth duck variation so that's kind of like I want the bike the bike is nice you never were
or a red rider wagon I don't know refrigerators are a bummer you let you go you buy some bananas
and you're like I gotta leave town and you put the bananas in the freezer because you don't want
them to be rotting and then you just got some frozen ass bananas in there and they're black and
they yeah I mean I haven't I haven't I haven't stepped foot in a grocery store since since
uh Teddy Roosevelt yeah and whenever it was it was just like for a party or something weird
like it was some scavenger hunt or something it wasn't like what was the last time you went to a
movie theater hmm I think I fell asleep during that piece of shit uh George Clooney uh Hitler
stealing art movie uh the the monument the monument man monuments man monuments yeah I went to that uh
it was it was me and Erin McGathy uh wow that was a while I got that kind of bet no because I felt
Cody and I saw Deadpool together I went to the the Vista theater which I love and I went there to go
see uh Dunkirk and I had a couple drinks and I fell asleep like immediately and then woke up
like about 20 minutes in going like I'm just a drunk guy asleep in a movie theater at a matinee
and I got up and I left and then I came back the next day sober and then I liked the movie it was
a good movie yeah you ever go to the theater in like Old Town Pasadena where you you you get the arm
chair oh yeah with the sleep you get the car tails and pretzels to you and don't don't don't feed me
and get me drunk drink a movie I'm gonna fucking fall asleep yeah no that's what I did monuments
men baby I was probably I was probably snoring I mean I can't imagine they give you a blanket
don't give me a blanket when Gene Wilder died maybe maybe I spoke about this before when Gene Wilder
passed away uh the arc light in Hollywood showed a bunch of Gene Wilder films and church and I went
and saw blazing saddles and it was awesomely people that were over 40 and people that were
like under 30 I can't imagine and people under 30 the people over 40 were dying laughing because
we've all seen the movie a million times we can karaoke the whole thing and the the youngsters
were a little uncomfortable yeah because there's 11 n-bombs in the first reel yeah and nobody knew
where to fucking put it and I I thought it was made it the movie even funnier that people were
being bummed out at blazing saddles well I mean if you've repeated that process today I think
you'd find the people over 40 would would all right the times have changed so fast that nobody
would be laughing in there right I guess I don't know it's uh it's good that things are changing
by the way what sometimes I search my head for that stuff I'm like like like what is that like
that reaction you have when you hear another thing about like oh so-and-sos uh wants uh from now on
you they should call this thing that thing and then you like you always have that I always
have that thing use my i statements I I I always have that like thing or I'm like gaw for crying
out loud what's it gonna stop you know like all right well never it's never gonna stop yeah like
what and it's like it's kind of it's freaking me out now that I'm 46 because I'm realizing like I'm
like oh shit they're coming for me and like it doesn't matter how woke I get today tomorrow
next week like I'm Walt Disney at this point like I've done my crimes my steamboat willies on the
internet like I can't get it off I like I am problematic I've been problematic for the first
40 years of my life and the older I get the more problematic it's gonna be there's a whole
another generation coming if I'm lucky enough to make it the 70 there's gonna be uh 20 year olds
that are gonna make you guys roll your eyes that are gonna be like this guy's Hitler like like
watching my fucking shitty well that's like like doing doing the improv shows that we do with who's
live uh like there's a bit that we do where we uh we bring out a woman out of the audience and we
ask her about her life and I sing a song to her and I used to make it way more kind of flirtatious
and romantic and and we did a show in Madison, Wisconsin on the day of the Kavanaugh confirmation
and on the uh the Capitol steps uh in Madison have I said this before have we spoken? I think you
I think you told the story that you that you that you you you checked yourself and before your rigidity
wrecked well we we got a review that day we're standing out there and hearing all these stories
and everybody got up and got a microphone and told their stories about all the shit that they've
gone through and it was pretty heavy and then I had to go do an improv show and it's five white guys
on stage uh doing a show the day that fucking Kavanaugh was confirmed and it was a triggering
day for a lot of people and we got a review from a woman who just fucking hated us and I dig it
because that was a bad day for a women kind and for lots of people um but I've I've had to
voluntarily adjust the way that I approach that one improv game um because it's like it's like
everything is just and for all the good reasons and for every possible reason things have shifted
into a way that like what used to be hilarious is not and in the way that it used to be even
just a few months ago uh and there's ways to do it and still be funny but without doing the other
thing yeah before I got me toed uh you got like me three didn't you I think I got me one and a half
but um even before that like on the you know when the when the Weinstein kind of like water table
uh did whatever water tables do I don't know I'm not nautical um but um but I remember like kind
of like okay all right now let's examine ourselves let's be aware of what's going on and I remember
running in my through my head for like the first time in my life I was just sort of in shows like
whether it's on stage at the workplace with strangers anybody it was kind of like because
I it started with me going like okay what about that what about that relationship um
um and and stumbling upon the idea of like well were you were you did it matter was it like
oh examine and doing all this negotiation in my head and then I was like uh something made me go
well why don't you look at it this way what what what if it was uh this guy that you had the same
set of circumstances with like swapped out the woman in my head for a guy and then was like
whoa like like all of a sudden was like wait no I would the guy would have been like what are you
doing stop or if people were just been like what what's with you or I would have been like what's
with myself and then kind of like blossoming out in my head going like oh god every Dunkin
Donuts cashier anybody like like in any time because there's a lot of stuff that like also part of
growing up don't you don't you feel like you came of an age where you were like actually a lot of
it was like absolutely not anything but like learning to be uh actually kind and uh um charming or
funny or you know what I mean like like part of being a man like and becoming confident it was
like and you'd get you get it was involved like sexualizing like I don't mean sexualizing like
the activity I mean like gender-wise but like like kind of like like getting like like sort of like
acknowledging the differences between you and the person you're talking to it was like it was
like the equivalent of like learning to use a flathead screwdriver like you were graduating from
Fisher price to Sears tools and it felt benevolent it didn't it felt the opposite of
predatory it felt gracious and chivalrous and charming and all this stuff and but then you
look back on it and you go okay but now these kids are ready for like whether that was right or wrong
or doesn't really matter now the kids are ready they're like okay but let's wipe that clean like
don't talk to anybody uh uh in a way that acknowledges like anything that you perceive with your
eyeballs period like just see them as a fucking like tennis ball on a stick and like get ready for
you know be AI compatible in your dealings and you will that then you don't have to worry about it
you'll talk about what scares you talk about what you know and don't all of those areas are problem
areas and I think that is what's frustrating for people is they're like oh what so I could never
do this I could never do that like yeah you can't it's like yeah it's frustrating it is like a bunch
of stuff that you did last week like it's not on the table anymore and it's frustrating and
embarrassing and I do and I do think that like the the problem that the perpetuating cycle thing is
that the people don't they don't understand that the idea of correcting people or or hoping that
people get better it shouldn't be such a gleeful activity because that's you're not you're not
gonna make any new converts like it's like that's exactly their nightmare so the only way that you
learn that you that that that it's it's sex worker instead of prostitute now there's no hogwarts for
that you know if you're 48 years old you you could be the best person in the world if I went back
through all of all of Harmontown there's a thousand things I would take back and not not have said
again because they're not they weren't funny then and they wouldn't be funny now like it's it's like
there's so many there's there's a couple things I said on whose line that aired on tv that I would
go oh no I'd never fucking say that again because it's like it doesn't I don't think it was funny
then but but I was allowed to get away with it then well that's what I'm saying and that's what
it's almost like karma because it's like how how much glee have we taken when we were 18 and 25 like
the idea that uh oh there was some time long ago when that you could scroll back in the micro
fission like aha Kleenex had a racist ad like and we felt superior I'd be like aha like like like I
caught you you know when you would dig that stuff up it's it was just like more of a difficult thing
to do and it was more profound back then I was like but we it and then that makes me shudder now
because it's like oh you're you're next like you're you're frigid air you're disney you're you're just
you're an institution if you're lucky every disney you walked on main street and there was a
they're gone now there was curtains had swastikas on them but I think it was swastikas in the old
like like a native american thing where it wasn't like an like a like that's sure yeah that's an old
symbol but they were there I remember if you even fucking see a fucking swastika curtain up in the
main street that's wild man do you remember do you remember how mr. toad's wild ride would take you
through al sass Lorraine uh yeah you you had to go invade the sedate and land and uh and and annex the
al sass Lorraine fucking mr. toad's wild ride I don't know if you guys have ever fucking been on
this thing it's great because it's a story of a bunch of animals led by a toad and there's ratty
and there's whatever the famoli and whatnot and you go and you start at a bar then you go get
some pie and then you go to hell because it's about it's about drunk driving where you go to jail
then you get hit by you escape jail you get hit by a train you die you go to hell and then it's
the end of the ride and I think it's just it's just a cautionary tale about being British
also we went on it was fucking freezing it's the coldest I've ever been in Los Angeles or
Orange County it was just dead cold outside we went on mr. toad's wild ride a bunch and because
it's one of the rides it doesn't have cameras inside so we all had flasks of booze so when you go
inside and you get in the car and you go inside you could just drink on it and then at the end
you go to hell and there's heat lamps and this guy that was running the ride he's like you guys
have been on this ride like 12 times like what is going on I go it's warm in hell and he goes
genius it's like we're only here for the drinking and the and the heat lamp and hell
you know it sucks fucking submarines now that it's finding Nemo boo yeah to the oh to the oh
there's no submarine in that movie well they can't they can't update it my Adderall came loose in my
pocket oh no oh no your oh it's just I saw one hit the ground you got a loose Adderall on the carpet
now all right well three second rule it's not cause of you know it's actually a one and a half
second rule Keanu Reeves you never you never go to you never go to the floor for drugs that's a good
rule should I just eat the powder what would that do it'll help I have finished this script tonight
tonight which yeah which one is this I can't say I don't have to say this is the aquaman too right
three I can either confirm nor deny you know what you fucking I don't know if you guys try
a little bunch and go to hotels but you ever to go to a hotel and you turn on the tv yeah
usually the fucking remote doesn't make anything happen the remote no hotel suck ass and then you
turn it on and you have the fucking first thing you get mario Lopez mario Lopez and he's talking to
you about aquaman extra fucking ten minutes well the crab people you know and so on yeah yeah
yeah what is it about water that is dumb is it just because we left it like we're like oh that's
so dumb like a little mermaid got out of there yeah but at the price of what losing her voice
yeah I know but we're like don't I don't want to watch we don't want to watch a movie like they
I don't like here's my here's my here's my beef with fucking a spongebob movie is pretty good
oh yeah the little mermaid she knows the word trove but she doesn't know the word street
like what walking around another one what do you call it again oh street but she knows trove
yeah like a treasure trove yeah fucking like what was so it's a weird she doesn't know what
she does with her cold feet that doesn't track it's stupid wait what do you why not a street a street
is a terrestrial cultural yeah but the trove is like a trove it's there's fucking troves underwater
that she's felt very familiar with it it's like a nothing to her you get a trove in your kinsignera
when you're a mermaid right they're like here's your trove here's your fucking coconut bra or
whatever your seashell get bra uh flip in your fins you don't get too far no come on I better
if you check out this she knows dancing she I do do mermaids dance and they don't know the word
street I'm not gonna I'm not gonna let you uh revisit the little mermaid thank god I just think
that's a weird thing she also very conveniently the two words that she doesn't remember rime
street street and feet listen listen to yourself listen to what you've way to go and Andrew Lloyd
whoever fucking wrote that Andrew Lloyd Weber what that's that's he down that's a good fish joke
because his toes are webbed webbed feet you know fucking like the swamp man you know you guys know
about the swamp man yeah he has webbed feet I have web feet you guys know that do you really
know I got two web toes ladies I think I think church has got a web foot to hell yeah you know
what they say you guys you got a web toe right syndactically yeah that's what I got I got the
second and two on each foot yeah that's what I got twins oh hell yeah we can swim oh yeah
yeah do you guys know my times the fly it probably doesn't really help us swimming right
and that oh no like even if it was a little bit like all olympic teams would have like
all people with this yeah I mean swimming is like all technique it's really hard but they
like shave their arms and stuff I mean like every you know you would think like like they're very
conscious of like every little detail yeah so I would think I would assume that if having like
webbed toe I think pinching your toes together approaches the the resistance of webbed toes
church have you found that your webbed toes have given you an advantage in the pool
of course yes you don't have to say about guys with webbed feet webbed hands yeah right is that
what you're gonna say I was gonna say web dick but oh web gloves webbed dick I think all dicks are
webbed all dicks are webbed it's true it's like the spitting dinosaur from Jurassic Park
it's like the frill that yeah
Nigel likes to go under the covers like habitually he likes to sleep like right on my thigh he likes
to go under the covers and he sleeps right here like where robocops gun would be hell yeah but
then every once in a while I like I will I will I will I will I will I will I will I will wake up
with the morning two messians and then I will I will I will I will pull down my meundies and
I'm kind of like let let Tim Allen syndicate you gotta I'm not sure I follow that well it's
a I that's because I coined it it's a new way of saying I was quite proud of it but
you know I just just you know you get it you're all you're all bunched up in your undies and
then you get like the thing that I just I just like to my science of it is like you know I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna make it the world's problem before I've let it like like wear itself out maybe
you know I just just like I think it's like a so it's a self-fulfilling prophecy if you're a guy
you're sleeping in briefs and then this happens in the mornings and then like the first thing
that's happening to your wiener is that's like encountering resistance which you're we according
to your wiener is like encouragement your wieners like that's what I'm all about like I want something
to fight me like that's that's that's what that's that's that's called rubbing and it's like well
no it's also called like you're you're misbehaving and you're in the way and we're trying to sleep
so I will I will just pull my my me undies down the like knee level like and just just let it let
it just let the let the flagpole write it out yeah so that it'll stop getting encouragement
and it'll just it'll just feel itself like like it'll just amelia airheart into the now you have
a permuted triangle it'll just be like just be free go ahead and dream but like like leave us out of
it but but now you have a a robocop dog but then the dog will come and like like it's like no you
can't come under and then like the dog is like very insistent and I'm like I got a hard on like
yeah anyways but that's so wait wait what what so what happened well nothing I'm not so you're
fucking you're fucking mind you know what you're saying no I just like the dog I was like the
dog doesn't understand it's like no there's you can't you can't come under here now you're gonna
be sleeping next to my hard dick and it's different and the dog doesn't understand that and probably
of anything given its proclivity for munching on my underwear I don't even want to know what would
happen of my you know the generator of my underwear's various sense we're like right there for the
free-basing I don't know I don't want to know I don't want to cross that threshold because I'm
very happy I feel I'm one of those people like I don't need to so you have to push the limits
I'm not it's not it's not an ethical choice it's like it's more of like a I'm happy right now
I don't want to know more I'm not allister Crowley so you have to physically remove
no he's not down there if he was down there already I wouldn't I wouldn't release the Kraken I
I it's it's it's just like something he'll he'll come back like he he likes to go down and then
he like he comes back up and he splutes and he errs himself out then he goes back under
he's lutes that's what they do the little chicken legs they lay down and put their legs kind of
down instead of under their body gotcha yeah you know and they need to make like a little chicken
yeah yeah like I call it the the submarine like like like a torpedo site yeah yeah uh but he'll
come you know so but then it's like that's just just fuck your dog no I don't want to have you
try talking to him stop being such a prude and fuck Nigel just fucking throw the dog a bone
oh boy that's good but it's like it's hard to appreciate that's what she said
I was like leavey do you think like so what am I gonna get fired can I like I didn't turn on the
script and he's like oh you could still write it tonight why don't you write he's like the
colonel to my Elvis you have it on your phone can we can we write the final page right now
oh yeah I'm down to one page that's yeah I'm a real perfectionist that's what that one page
to be right how the end or the end question mark or no question it's how far do you have to go
no I'm not telling you that those records are sealed okay I got you yeah and I you know I'm
almost done all right jack rap key done I'm almost done I might die I'm almost done I'm never doing
this again I can't believe my Uber driver came into the show oh boy
I had an Uber driver it's not it's not the same I know I told you that our jobs were similar
you can't but you you were like I don't want to go through Hancock Park I'm like just go
and then you're like okay thank you what's what's wrong with you I'm like I can't figure out why
Superman would eat this apple and you're like just write it my lift driver tonight had the
the best name his name was unique unique they're all fake now people using fake names
is that you think so well yeah I mean a lot of people are a lot of people
get their accounts banned and they make new fake accounts to keep driving for the companies
I don't know how that works just a draft you're just a draft damn I already know it's just a
draft I can't it's not the problem runs deeper than that man yeah you're a flash expert oh the
flash oh flash expert what's your name again Jacob the flash would be able to flash so fast
I'm not I'm not hung up on any flash parts but thank you and also like as a flash guy it's like
yeah well that's his solution to everything you know yeah I'm sure Barry Allen screenplays suck
and and again it's not the goal is not to not write a sucky screenplay like I got deeper problems
than that I just for me it's like it's a good there's something there's something like like
just leave me alone everybody yeah I don't even know why you guys brought this up I don't think
you have the gut I don't think you have the guts to finish this thing oh I never thought of that
like I'm not yeah like everybody is someone's going to come in with a whole new take why don't
you just write it oh wow jeez holy cow why do you do it why did you what you could have been
you could have been happy three months ago oh yeah or like you could have been like a
like a soccer player you could have been I could have stayed at dishwasher a deep sea welder
for the amount of of people I got to like me I could have stayed at dishwasher I did take that
inventory lately I was like geez you know when all of a sudden done I basically am disappointing
people every bit as much as when I was washing their dishes but now I have like millions of dollars
I'll take it it's just kind of funny how I didn't want that part I just why I was like
why don't people like me yeah because you wash dishes bad well you know I'll do with
the what do I do good all right I'll do you know the guy goes to the community college
or this thing oh we like you we like it yeah well maybe you'll really like this you're weird
he thinks I'm weird too here's his voicemail whoa what are you doing
you're Nazis no one likes you no one likes you where is season four I don't know why don't you
like me it's not my fault it's like like like just like me I don't know but I don't want you to
like me anymore you dumb hate all of you all right so just see you next week
cliffhanger we did it
Spencer Crittenden
I'm your car controller Jeff Davis your mayor Dan Harmon everybody thank you for coming drive fast
and take chances did you get any of that it's a good show